The HTTP Verb that's used in a request,
tells the server what the client wants done.
For example, retrieving a resource with a GET request or
retrieving the resource headers with a HEAD request and so on.
Here's a list of activities and here's some HTTP verbs.
Enter the number of the verb best suited for each task.
For example, should the GET request be used if the client
wants to verify the last time the logo was updated?
If so, enter one here.
The client sends data about a form submission.
If you think that's an option verb, enter four here.
The client request the main CSS file,
enter the HTTP verb here.
The client wanted to know which verbs are supported,
enter your choice here.
And the client asks the server to send it
the landing page for Google.com, enter your choice here.